a fifth Transformers movie is on the way
and yet there are still elements from
the cartoon and the comics that we still
have yet to be included of course a new
film means that there is a new
opportunity to give fans what they want
and today we're sharing our list of
seven things weaving that needs to
happen in transformers 5 at number one
we want the universe to be expanded one
made the Avengers such an exciting movie
you guys was that Marvel spent several
years and several movies setting it up
by the time the Avengers finally
assembled fans were as excited for it as
parents are for the birth of their
firstborn child as bro wants to start
expanding the Transformers movies into a
Marvel style shared universe but instead
of just jumping right into it do what
Marvel did and start out slow use
transformers 5 to start introducing
elements of a shared universe fans want
a CGI Joe and transformers share the
same big screen so now is the time to
throw in a reference to GI Joe existing
out there it doesn't have to be a huge
part of the movie but it could be like
shield in the first Iron Man or
hawkeye's appearance in Thor there's of
course plenty of other opportunities
within the Transformers Universe like
Beast Wars that could be explored in
future film so toss in a mention about
the maximals and predacons - there are
tons of opportunities to expand the
universe but now is not the time to
throw in the kitchen sink so start very
small with just a few references and see
what fans like and don't like and number
2 Cybertron we keep hearing about
Cybertron and there's been kind of
glimpses of it but now it's time to
finally take us there we'd be perfectly
a bee of transformers 5 abandons earth
entirely and takes place entirely on
Cybertron I said it if paramount came
out and said transformers 5 is going to
take place on a planet that's populated
by giant transforming robots that fight
each other all the time would anybody
complain I don't think so that sounds
like a great movie to me so stop telling
us about Cybertron and show us it
already the last movie ended
the perfect setup for this to happen so
it's time for Optimus Prime to take the
fight off of earth and back to Cybertron
at number three
give us classic Megatron the movies have
kind of dropped the ball when it comes
to Megatron he's come back from the dead
more times than Jason Voorhees and each
time he does it he's changed into a
different vehicle he transforms into if
you're gonna bring back Megatron for yet
another round then it's time to
introduce the original Megatron design
into these movies while everybody else
was transforming into cars and planes
and boats Megatron turned into a pistol
in some comics he turned into a giant
size gun while in others he turned into
a regular-sized handgun because no one
cares about physics in the Transformers
universe and even in robot mode he had a
giant gun barrel attached to one of his
arms and it looked by it ass
nobody cares about realism when it comes
to transformers let's be real so bring
back Megatron but this time how do you
stop fooling around with being a tank or
a dead or an evil truck and just make
him a gun already number four dumphy
annoying humans people who go see
Transformers movies want to see giant
robots fighting not Shia LaBeouf or Mark
Wahlberg sorry not sorry
we know the studio will never get rid of
humans completely in transformers 5 so
meet us kinda halfway and stop filling
the movie with wacky comic relief
characters that just end up being super
annoying we don't need someone like
agent Simmons to be weird and eccentric
to keep us interested the giant robots
fighting should be plenty of
entertainment and number 5 bring back
characters we actually kind of liked as
we stated before we know that we'll
never get a Transformers movie with no
human character so why not at least
bring that characters we actually liked
like Maggie Madsen from the first movie
she along with a few other computer
hackers played a big part in that movie
and then was completely forgotten about
in the sequel but for whatever reason
the producers felt that Shia LaBeouf's
awkward and annoying Sam Witwicky was
way more interesting than be calm
intelligent and confident hacker played
by Rachel Taylor
she can easily be reintroduced into this
franchise and it would tie together the
new Mark Wahlberg Lee movies with the
original trilogy without tossing it in
too much baggage into the whole
franchise mix at number 6 we want more
female transformers y'all it is no
secret that boys like transformers but
girls like it too but aside from Arcee
and Revenge of the Fallen the
Transformers movies have been primarily
a boys club with most of the female
characters relegated to eye candy if the
success of characters like Katniss and
Black Widow taught us anything it set
audiences love women that kick-ass
there's already several female
transformer characters that exist in
other iterations so why not introduce
some of them into the moving universe
this among all the other things on our
list should be a total no-brainer make
it hanson paramount at number 7 give
this Unicron the one thing that makes
the Marvel movies work so well is the
idea that there's a big bad guy named
Santos out there plotting to eventually
bring our heroes to their knees the
audience knows he's out there and they
can't wait to see him go up against the
Avengers the transformers biggest
villain is Unicron and we mean that
literally
he's a transformer that turns into a
planet so he's pretty much a big deal
the thing is he's too big of a villain
to just set up and take down all in one
movie so use transformers 5 to start
setting up Unicron as the ultimate
threat lurking in the background so far
each transformers movie has introduced
and disposed of the villain in every
single film and there's not much that
ties the plots of each movie together
audiences today are looking for more
than the same old been-there-done-that
plot they want movies that both tell an
entire story but also set up a larger
story including a mere glimpse of
Unicron that would get audiences so
excited for future installments before
they even leave the theater and help set
up a larger universe to expand from
alright now that you know our list of
the things we've been got to happen and
transformers 5 it is time to share your
choices head on down to the comments or
tweet us at clever movies for your t5
needs and after you've done all of that
you can click right here to find out a
few things
might not know about the transformers
team it's pretty awesome for now I'm
Erin Robinson thanks for watching we'll
see you soon with more movie news